[release-2.1 < T0762-MG] Add kafka set stream offset docs (#240)
memgraph/docs: docs/reference-guide/streams/overview.md

2. [Configure Memgraph](/reference-guide/configuration.md) to connect to, e.g.
   Kafka, by providing the appropriate flag
   `--kafka-bootstrap-servers=localhost:9092`
3. [Create the stream](#creating-a-stream) with a `CREATE STREAM` query and optionally 

>    [set its offset](#setting-a-stream-offset) with a `CALL mg.kafka_set_stream_offset(stream_name, offset)`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   [set its offset](#setting-a-stream-offset) with `CALL mg.kafka_set_stream_offset(stream_name, offset)`
```

semantics, we tried to minimize the possibility of processing messages multiple
times. This means committing the message offsets to the Kafka cluster happens
right after the transaction is committed to the database.

## Setting a stream offset

For Kafka streams users can manually set the offset of the next consumed message 
with a call to the query procedure `mg.kafka_set_stream_offset`

```cypher
CALL mg.kafka_set_stream_offset(stream_name, offset)
```

option|description|type|example|default
:-:|:-:|:-:|:-:|:-:
stream name|Name of the stream to set the offset|string|"my_stream"|/
offset|Offset number to set|int|0|/

> An offset of `-1` denotes the start of the stream i.e, offset 0.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An offset of `-1` denotes the  beginning of the stream, in other words earliest available message in the stream.
```

I think mentioning `0` here is a bit confusing, as the earliest offset is not known (not all messages has to be kept).

Author: Rephrased a little bit but plz let me know what you think!

An offset of `-2` denotes the end of the stream i.e, for each topic/partition, its logical end such that
only the next produced message will be consumed.

Note, that a stream can consume from multiple topics each of them having multiple partitions. Therefore, 
when setting the offsets to an arbitrary number the user must be cautious that

> setting the offset of a stream internally sets all of the associated offsets of that stream(topics/partitions) to that value.

Reviewer: :rocket: 

I was thinking about another procedure: `mg.kafka_set_topic_offset(<stream name>, <topic name>, <offset>)`. Maybe we should create a task about it or add it in the patch release. What do you think?

Author: That's actually a very good idea which we can definitely add it so +1 && :rocket: Moreover, this will be super useful, if/when we decouple consumers and topic partitions, that is, make consumers configurable on which partitions they consume. This will provide a concrete unit of parallelism which is required to scale consumers with topic partitions :)

Reviewer: Task is created for this.
